License key format (#319)
AdobeDocs/graphql-mesh-gateway: src/pages/mesh/advanced/headers.md

}
```

### Response tracking and debugging

> When reflecting headers, the following headers are included in the response to assist with tracking and debugging:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following headers are included in the sub-requests to the sources to assist with tracking and debugging:
```

- `cf-ray` - Generated automatically
- `x-request-id` - Generated automatically, if the header is not provided in the request

> These headers allow you to track and debug requests by assigning a request-specific ID numbers. If you provide your own `x-request-id` in the request header, then the response includes the specified header instead of an automatically generated one. For example:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These headers allow you to track and debug requests by assigning a request-specific ID numbers. If you provide your own `x-request-id` in the request header, then the sub-requests to the source will include the specified header instead of an automatically generated one. For example:

```
